LED Clock
Each clock has been given an internet address of the form <name>.local written on the back. 

The clock shows the time by lighting LEDs for the hour, minute, and second hands. 
Additionally fixed positions can be illuminated (eg quarter hours etc). 
The colors and width of the hands can be customised. 
The clock has a day and night mode which can give a different display and lower brightness. 
The clock automatically computes the times for sunrise and sunset which can be used to control when mode changes.
The clock has 5 visual alarms which show customisable light patterns.
------------------------------------------------------------
INITIAL SETUP
There are two ways to connect to the clock.
1. Using your home internet wifi. 
2. Using the clocks built in wifi.

The best method is 1 because then the clock will run automatically. I showed you method 2 last Saturday.

Method 1
If clock cannot connect to your home wifi ( because it hasn't yet been set up, or your wifi is not working),
  it will first produce a wifi network (access point) called
      AutoConnectAP
Connect your phone, ipad or home computer to this. (You will see this under wifi settings.)
When connected you may automatically get a configuration webpage, otherwise go to the internet browser to
192.168.4.1 and you should get it.
Select Configure Wifi
(NOTE You have only 2 minutes to connect to this access point, otherwise the clock will automatically switch to method 2)
Once you have done this the clock will connect to your home wifi.
You can connect to the control interface by going to <name>.local
(note some phones or computers may not recognize this local address. In that case it will be necessary to find the clocks IP address assigned by your wifi router. )

Method 2
The clock will create its own Wi-Fi network called
   LED_Clock_Access_Point
Connect to this using password 
  ledclock
Go to this webpage to get control interface
   <name>.local  (or if that fails use the direct IP address 192.168.4.1)

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CONTROL OF CLOCK
Clock Control Interface at <name>.local   (or direct IP assigned by router)

Clock Control
    Time? - shows time and date
    Force Day / Night to put into that mode at any time until next scheduled change to other mode.
    Calculate Sun Info - shows various sunrise and sunset times and next mode change times.

Pattern Control
     Pushing the Pattern button shows the selected pattern  on the clock for 10 seconds
     View and choose patterns from the drop down menu and setting parameters.
      The patterns starting R- (eg R-Rainbow) generate a random set of parameters. 
      The easiest way to find an interesting pattern is to try these. 
      When you find one you like, change to the non random version (eg Random). 

Alarm Control - to view or change the five visual alarms.
       Select alarm from the drop down menu to show its activation time, repeat (note other given in seconds), duration   
       (milliseconds) and activation criteria.
       The selected alarm's pattern and its parameters will be shown on the Pattern Control page.
       Note only  if the activation criteria is met will the pattern display at the shown time.
       The chosen alarm's data can be changed by choosing new display time, duration, activation criteria and pattern, then 
       pushing 'Activate Alarm Settings'. This also can be stored in flash memory to prevent it being lost on restarting.

Mode Control
       Set times and days of week for mode changes. These can be plus or minutes deviation 
       from sunrise and civilsunset or specific times.
       Once new values are all added, push 'Activate Alarm Settings'. This also can be stored in flash memory to prevent it being    
       lost on restarting.

Display Control
        The clock has four different day displays 0, 1, 2 and 3 and one night display which can be customised.
        Select display to view/change from the drop down menu.
        Choose a color and test to see how it looks on the LEDs.
        Pressing any of the green buttons will change the specified LEDs to the chosen color.
        The width for hour, minute and seconds can be changed and whether the minute hand blinks.
        It is recommended to keep the background LEDs black or very dim. The day and night brightness can be changed.
        To make these fix these changes and make the chosen display appear on startup, store in flash. 





